Now, from there, we have this function that makes recommendations,
and essentially, we can use that to make
recommendations for all of our users.
That's what this final function is going to do.
I'll show you how I did it.
This is pulling only the unique users from the first column.
There might be other ways that you could pull the users,
that would be pretty much the same.
Then I'm going to pull the number of users as the length of this.
Then I'm going to create all recs,
which is just going to be a dictionary
where I'm going to store the recommendations.
So what this will look like is, the key will be the user,
and then the values will be the recommendations for that user.
Then I'll say, for user in users, so for each user, all recs.
Hope that user are going to be equal to
the make recommendations per user,
and I'm passing in the number recs,
but you could potentially work for that if you wanted to.
Great. So again, this is probably the only part
that you really need if you want to,
because this takes a little bit of time.
It could be useful to again create this progress bar like you did before,
so you can just copy and paste that and move it down here.
So here, we're creating the progress bar,
and users is still the value here.
That makes sense.
I don't need to change anything down there.
Here's my calendar, and I'll add that,
and then I'm just going to have bar finish.
Great. So bar finish, and I'll see how this goes.
There's an error. I have error, movie list.
Oh, I missed a bracket up there somewhere.
Right here. Go away then.